feat(docs): Adding new info to documentation (#7500)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/guides/remote-machine-learning.md

- Set the URL in Machine Learning Settings on the Admin Settings page to point to the designated ML system, e.g. `http://workstation:3003`.
- Copy the following `docker-compose.yml` to your ML system.
- Start the container by running `docker compose up -d`.

:::info
Starting with version v1.93.0 face detection work and face recognize were split. From now on face detection is done in the immich_machine_learning service, but facial recognition is done in the immich_microservices service.
:::

:::note

> [hwaccel.ml.yml](https://github.com/immich-app/immich/releases/latest/download/hwaccel.ml.yml) also need to be in the same folder if you trying to use armnn/cuda/openvino.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [hwaccel.ml.yml](https://github.com/immich-app/immich/releases/latest/download/hwaccel.ml.yml) file also needs to be in the same folder if trying to use [hardware acceleration](/docs/features/ml-hardware-acceleration).
```
